Wulf? The neighbors had an alibi.
but there was nothing about the janitor.
He has a key to Camilla's apartment.
Could you check that out?
- Do you think it was him?
- No.
No.
I'll call you.
Is this the one... Camilla was shot with?
Yes. we're pretty sure about that.
We just have to double-check.
It's difficult to know
with close range shots through the skull.
Yeah...
It was the same with Ellen. so...
What makes a guy point a gun
at the head of a defenseless girl
and just pull the trigger?
Fuck if I know.
I guess it's the usual stuff. Hate.
Love. Lunacy.
What do you think?
Silence.
To silence those goddamn voices.
Maybe.
Hey... That diamond
that was found in Camilla's eye...
- What do you think about that?
- I'm thinking that it's... a diamond.
Anyway. it's all there in the report. so...
Yeah. but I'm here to ask if you have
anything that isn't written in the report.
No...
Yeah. or...
Hey. just come have a look at this.
There was something carved into
the beam right above the bed there
that I thought...
Yeah. it's done by a boy.
definitely not a 20-year-old girl.
Okay.
But the diamond. that's for us. at least.
What do you mean?
He left the body in the water to wash away
everything he didn't want us to find.
but he wanted us to find that.
And then we have the finger.
but maybe that's more like...
Well. a trophy.
Are you thinking that this is someone
who might want to continue?
Why would I think that?
Well. you have studied serial murders
in America. so...
And when you see a hammer...
All murders look like nails.
No...
No. I don't think so.
Why not? This is pretty unusual.
Yeah. but serial killers are...
like white whales. They're very rare.
Is there a small part of you hoping
that this is a white whale. perhaps?
There's no white whale.
No?
No. I don't hope so either.
But this guy here
is trying to tell us something.
I don't like this.
No. I know it's not ideal.
but without Olsen.
you need to handle the weapons sales.
We just raided the place.
That is exactly why it will be
the last place they'll look.
If we get the two biggest gangs
in Oslo to start a war.
they'll do our job for us
by taking each other out.
Give Dearpmis and Korps automatic weapons.
and everybody will see
that the police will have to be armed.
Okay. I'll trust you.
Wait here.
Do you have the money?
Not until I've seen
what you've got with you.
Odin?
You smell like a damn cop.
The goods are inside.
Should we have a look?
Looking good?
Now we're talking.
Rumor has it Korps
recently got hold of automatic weapons.
- What do you know about that?
- A lot of fucking questions.
- Yes.
- Do you want the weapons or not?
When is the next delivery?
Next week.
Here.
You couldn't find a place where people
don't fuck through the wall?
No. I couldn't.
This is perfect.
Korps won't get
their weapons until tomorrow.
Now is your chance to get rid
of the competition for good.
Yes. Prince?
The trap is set.
Okay. Good work.
We must find another way.
I can't keep being exposed like this.
Next week's delivery is
eight times larger. It won't work.
We have to find someone else.
Do you have someone in mind?
Yes. I have an idea but...
He needs to be recruited first.
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
- Hello.
Walk with me.
I'm off to a meeting.
Yes. Okay.
Listen. I have to be honest.
If Haugen and Vik weren't
on summer vacation right now. I...
I wouldn't have given this case to you.
since you're so new.
Okay.
The Camilla Loen murder is
the biggest case we have.
and you wanted crime.
Yes.
So what do you think?
Well... We have all the right ingredients.
It's been five days and the police only
have the murder weapon found in the trash.
No strangers have been seen
around the building.
Only one neighbor heard something
that could've been a shot.
And no signs of forced entry.
The police think she let
the perpetrator inside herself.
but no one
in her social circle is a suspect.
They all have decent alibis.
Okay.
Maya Ek. don't disappoint me.
Keep us posted 24/7.
Yes. definitely.
Good.
See you.
Any suspects?
Nothing.
We've knocked on doors.
talked to the local shop owners.
We've talked to all the cab drivers
that were in the area.
We've checked the alibis
of all the relevant acquaintances.
but nothing stands out.
I don't get it.
They're talking about new discoveries.
Aftenposten knows about the finger
and the diamond under her eyelid.
It sounds a lot like a leak.
Maybe a...
drunk who needs some more money for booze?
I seem to remember that we fired you.
I'm getting paid
for the rest of the month.
so I suppose I need
to come to work in the meantime. boss.
If you think that this isn't serious.
Harry. you're wrong.
Your ID card will expire
on the last day of the month.
and you will hand in your service weapon
at the armory office.
I don't understand how you do it.
Drinking yourself
half to death again and again...
And then you just stop?
Okay. if you think you can be useful.
that's fine by me.
You're paid until the end of the month.
But you're not on the Camilla Loen case.
- Why not?
- Waaler is on that case.
You two can't be getting
into a pissing contest.
Missing persons is being handled
by the Crime Unit. We have a murder to...
They'll have to call somebody back
from vacation. I don't have people...
Hold on. Maybe I have...
What did you say the address was?
POLICE
Yes. we do have a man available.
- Yes?
- It's the police.
Top of the building. fifth floor.
Of course it is.
- Hello. Willy Barli.
- Hi. Yes. Detective Hole.
Yes.
So... Lisbeth has gone missing.
So I've been trying
to call her cell phone. but she's
left it at home. and...
I've tried to call the grocery store
and three police stations.
I had to call the National Theater
and see if she'd gone down there.
The premiere is in 11 days.
so she keeps practicing and doesn't sleep.
- Is that her?
- Mm-hmm.
Right.
Soon everybody will know.
so I had to call you
because I need help to--
- Is it just the two of you living here?
- Yes.
Is this where you last saw her?
- Yes. it was right here.
- Hello.
Hey.
When did you last see her?
Two hours and ten minutes ago.
What... your wife's been missing
for two hours?
It's not long.
but she was just going to the store
to buy potato salad for the pork chops.
You've called the hospitals
and the police?
Have you called friends?
Maybe she ran into somebody--
No. Have you heard about someone
walking out in their bikini
to buy potato salad
for freshly grilled pork chops
and takes that opportunity to run away?
I'm going to make some phone calls.
- Hey. hey.
- Hey.
Oh damn. it's hot in here.
Hey. Ivan Bratteng.
- Yes. Harry Hole. hello.
- Where do we start? Where's the husband?
He's in there.
trying to find some of her clothes.
The dog doesn't need
to know her scent necessarily.
This doesn't need to be so serious.
She could be anywhere.
But I want you to search.
Talk to neighbors. look around.
and get another duty officer up here.
I'll stay with him for now. then talk
to the neighbors across the yard.
They can see this apartment from there.
Because you suspect the husband?
Yes. I always suspect
the husband on principle.
Why?
It's always the husband.
Hole's first commandment.
- Could we get started?
- Yup. Yes.
Start with the stairway.
Come on.
Is everything okay. Harry?
- Yes... yes.
- You don't look so well.
Maybe you should take iron supplements.
- Mm-hmm.
- I told...
I always tell Lisbeth that.
Did you notice what just happened?
That I was about to say "told."
- Frank? It's the police.
- What?
- Yeah. Frank.
- Harry Hole.
- Lisbeth's gone missing.
- What are you saying?
Didn't we see them
a couple of hours ago on the balcony?
We hear them all the time.
their balcony door is always open.
Yeah... she was wearing a bikini.
according to the husband.
And high heels. She doesn't leave
the house without them.
What did the neighbors say?
They saw her leave.
He was at home the whole time.
Do you think this might be an exception?
That it's not the husband.
I'm... afraid so.
And if it's not the husband.
do you think there could be a connection?
Why do you think so?
I think that you think that.
If he doesn't alert. that doesn't mean
that your wife hasn't been here.
It's hard for him to distinguish
one smell from everything else.
I don't think there's much else
we can do here now.
It's going to be okay.
No. it's not going to be okay.
I've called everyone we know.
No one's seen her.
All patrol cars have been notified.
We're doing everything to find her.
Was she wearing anything
apart from shoes and a bikini?
She was wearing nail polish.
Just like mine. only it says "Willy" on...
- He's got something!
- ...her...
No. this is not okay.
Oh. it's not okay. this will not be okay.
This is not okay... This is not okay.
[Swedish] Book of Revelation. Chapter 16.
"And the third angel poured out their bowl
into the rivers and springs of water.
and they became blood."
"Come. I will show you the judgment
of the great harlot.
who is lying in the water."
Hey. are you available?
Can't you see I'm reading?
Fucking...
Hey! Are you available?
Where's this guy going?
To... the land of dreams.
Or no. to the land of sleep.
preferably without dreaming.
Are you having nightmares?
I need something that can knock me
out completely. That isn't booze.
- Do you have anything?
- Do I look like a criminal?
What's this?
Let me put it like this.
if you take half of one. you'll sleep.
If you take a whole one...
it'll be night night for a long time.
- I'm short on cash these days...
- Relax. man. Jesus.
That's what friends are for.
Some drugs on a bad day.
Hey...
Do you have anything
that will close the curtains?
- I don't like that look of yours.
- Hey. come on.
- Is it Rakel?
- What makes you think that?
I don't know. I've only known you
since primary school. so...
So why?
You know.
I don't think there's a drug for that.
I can only really think of one thing.
A bullet.
I was going to say... "yourself."
No...
Come on. please.
- You're drunk. Attila will kick you out.
- I don't care.
Who's that?
Dearpmis is so fucked.
Why are you saying that?
Attila has the weapons.
Get your stuff and I'll show you.
Fuck!
Hawk! It's Dearpmis! Run!
Attila!
Come on!
Come on! Go. go. go!
Get the Kalashnikov.
Attila! Here!
Fuck! They have automatic weapons!
Loke! For fuck's sake.
the bastard cop lied to us!
It's a trap!
Pull back!
No! Fuck. Loke!
Hospital now! Go!
- Yes.
- Yes. Prince?
- We have a few casualties.
- I see.
Not as many as we'd hoped.
But they're just getting started so...
Well done.
A young boy is dead after the shootings
between rival gangs Korps and Dearpmis.
The tension between the two gangs
has escalated.
In other news.
the search for Lisbeth Barli continues.
Comment from her sister Toya.
LISBETH BARLI MISSING
How many views does VG have
on Lisbeth Barli's sister?
Uh... 400.000.
I want you
on the Lisbeth Barli story instead.
Barli? But she's just missing.
Did you hear those numbers?
Those sisters have gone
from B to A-list celebrities overnight.
And get a comment from the sister!
I want those numbers.
Maya Ek. Aftenposten.
Hi. Ek. I have a tip.
Okay. About what?
The shooting at the biker club.
Flamethrowers and automatic guns were used.
What will the Minister of Justice do
in terms of arming the police?
How is the city to be defended?
Interesting.
Who am I talking to.
and how do you know this?
[Norwegian] From the inside. Ek.
That's all you need to know.
MISSING
CONTACT THE POLICE
Hi. Harry. This is Willy Barli calling.
I'd like you to put more people
on the search.
because I've heard that if you--
It's Willy Barli again. Maybe we should
set up some sort of monetary reward--
It's me. Willy Barli again.
I've spoken to a clairvoyant woman
the Danish police have used.
and she's seeing Lisbeth in water.
Please call me back.
ANSWERING MACHINE
So annoying when they don't speak.
Heard you were quitting.
Yeah.
What are you going to do instead?
Same old. same old?
Debt collector? Insurance company?
Maybe a security firm?
Always someone who wants
a famous investigator
with a legal background.
They don't know that you killed
a colleague driving under the influence.
Not yet anyway.
We don't like each other. you and I.
Do we?
But...
I respect you.
We're not that different.
Both intelligent.
We don't give a shit
what other people think.
But... you haven't figured out
how to make money.
- What do you want?
- I want to help you.
We don't have to be enemies. you and I.
Sjølid doesn't have
to sign your dismissal.
You understand?
But I have a little project
that I need help with.
Think about it.
Head of Criminal Police Sjølid.
What's the situation?
M207 here.
Patrol car Bravo 42 has crashed
at Majorstua station.
The driver is relatively unharmed. but...
the man in the passenger seat is dead.
Yeah. I think so. he smells like alcohol.
An ambulance is on its way.
I'll stay until the ambulance gets here.
No. there's no one else in the area.
I understand.
Copy.
We're going to... move the dead person
to the driver's seat.
Yes. It's an order.
Not to save the drunk.
but to avoid a scandal.
Go over to the other side.
What are you doing?
This is your fucking fault.
It's your fault. You killed him!
ELLEN GJELTEN
REST IN PEACE
Thank God we humans
actually get through stuff.
Despite everything. We do survive.
- Talk to me.
- Yes. hi. Ivan Bratteng here.
- Hi.
- We're at Sognsvann now.
We can't find anything here.
How would you like us to proceed?
- Just move along. Keep me posted.
- Yes. Got it.
[Swedish] Open your eyes.
It's a simple pattern.
A red guiding star.
A five-pointed Devil's Cross
will show the way.
How did it go?
Badly. I froze.
Hey...
Why do they drink?
Harry and them.
I don't know. Oleg.
There must be something
that could get him to quit.
Sure. He quits.
- He quits and he starts again.
- But does he really want to be that drunk?
It doesn't look
like he's having a great time.
You have one new message.
Hi. this is Møller.
What are you up to?
I sent you one missing person case.
and you mobilize the entire department.
You can't do that.
I'll send the case
over to the missing persons department.
You don't need to come back to work.
Sorry. but you stay at home.
Remember to return your service weapon.
Goodbye.
Well. well.
The end of yet another career. I see.
For all you know.
I'm just getting a new service weapon.
No. I can tell from looking
into people's eyes who's moving up
and who's stepping down.
How long have you been here?
Far too long.
Was it a good career?
Nah. it's been totally average. Kind of...
Kind of like a roller coaster.
Oh. yeah? Homicide division?
At least you were surrounded
by good people.
Kind of like a roller coaster there too.
Have a nice and aimless life. Harry Hole.
Let's take it...
Let's take it easy. One at a time. please.
Erling Rein. VG.
Camilla Loen has been killed.
Lisbeth Barli is missing.
Do you have no leads in either case?
Following up on leads and tips
that don't take us anywhere
isn't not getting anywhere.
it's excluding possibilities.
POLICE HQ
Lisbeth Barli has been missing
for a while.
What are the chances she's still alive?
We have our best detectives
on the case. working day and night.
Solving these two cases
is our highest priority.
THE POSTAL SERVICE
Next question goes to Aftenposten.
We got a tip that automatic weapons
and flamethrowers were used
during the shooting at Korps.
What is the view of the administration
on the rules regarding arming the police?
The administration
has no comment at this time.
But it must feel unsafe--
This press conference is now over.
Thank you for your attendance.
With so many guns on the streets.
MISSING
CONTACT THE POLICE
Camilla Loen. what do we know?
We know that Camilla Loen
was found in her shower.
and that her finger most likely
was cut off before she died.
- Beate?
- No. No fingerprints. No DNA.
- Wulf?
- We've got nothing.
MURDER INVESTIGATION CHIEF
POLICE HQ. 0190 OSLO
[Swedish] Hi. Dad.
Yes? No. I don't think so.
You shouldn't worry.
- Hey.
One beer.
Hey.
- Hey.
So you're here?
Damn it. Harry.
- Did he answer?
- No.
Let's agree that nobody discusses this
until we know how to proceed.
Subtitle translation by: Trine Friis